Write 3 programs in Python involving the Vigenere Cipher.

Write a program which implements encryption using the Vigenere Cipher. 
Arguments - The program should take three command-line arguments. The first argument is the filename of a file containing the plaintext. The second argument is the name of a file where the ciphertext will be written. The third argument is a key to be used for encryption. 
Output - The program should create a file, with the appropriate name, containing the ciphertext. The program should print nothing to the screen.
Write a program which implements decryption using the Vigenere Cipher. 
Arguments - The program should take three command-line arguments. The first argument is the filename of a file containing the ciphertext. The second argument is the name of a file where the plaintext will be written. The third argument is a key to be used for decryption.
Output - The program should create a file, with the appropriate name, containing the plaintext. The program should print nothing to the screen.
Write a program which cracks the Vigenere Cipher by discovering the key from the ciphertext, without seeing the corresponding plaintext. In order to accomplish this, your program will use a hint word: a single word which is known to be in the plaintext, and which is at least as long as the key.
Arguments - The program should take two command-line arguments, 1) the name of the file containing the ciphertext, and 2) the hint word. 
Output - The program should print the key on the screen. 
 

These are some assumptions about the plaintext and the key.

Each word in the plaintext must be a word in the English language.
The plaintext must be sufficiently long, containing at least 100 words.
Each word in the plaintext must contain only lowercase, alphabetic characters.
The key must contain only lowercase, alphabetic characters.
The key must contain no spaces; it is a single word.
Spaces will almost certainly be included in the the plaintext, but the spaces should NOT be encrypted and they will appear as-is, in the ciphertext. For example, let's say that we have plaintext "attack at dawn". This string has 3 words, including 12 non-space characters and 2 spaces. The ciphertext for this plaintext would also have 3 words, including 2 spaces and 12 non-space characters. However, the non-space characters would be different because they are substituted using the Vigenere encryption algorithm. So if the key is "lemon" then the ciphertext would be "lxfopv ef rnhr".
Hint:

Part of this will likely be trial and error. You will need to try a small number of possible keys to see if they are correct. You will need to use a list of words in English to check if your decrypted message is composed of only words in English. You will need to find a list of English words online for that purpose.

Submit 3 different python programs with the specified names.

vencrypt.py - encryption using the Vigenere cipher
vdecrypt.py - decryption using the Vigenere cipher
vcrack.py - cracking the Vigenere cipher